README.md, before:

# File Organizer Script

This script organizes files in a specified directory based on their types using the `watchdog` library. The script has been compiled into an executable file for ease of use.

## Usage

1. Download the executable file from the [releases]https://github.com/Ahilham/File_Organizer.git) page.

2. Run the executable file.

3. A dialog box will prompt you to select a directory to organize.

4. The script will organize files in the selected directory based on their types.

5. To end the script, close the console window or press `Ctrl + C` if running from the command line.

## Features

- Organizes files in a directory based on their types.
- Monitors the directory for new files using the `watchdog` library.

## Contributing

If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License].

## Author

Ahmad Nur Ilham

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to the authors of the `watchdog` and `easygui` libraries.
- Special thanks to PyInstaller for making the script executable.

Commit message:

Added minimize fucntion & ability to monitor multiple directories using array & utilising threading to able to run on the system tray while terminal is minimized.

README.md, after:

# File Organizer Script

This script organizes files in a specified directory based on their types using the `watchdog` library. The script has been compiled into an executable file for ease of use.

## Usage

1. Download the executable file from the [releases](https://github.com/Ahilham/File_Organizer.git) page.

2. Run the executable file.

3. The program icon would appear in the system tray and right click on it, click on run.

4. A dialog box will prompt you to select a directory to organize.

5. The script will organize files in the selected directory based on their types.

6. To end the script, right click on the same program icon in the system tray and an exit menu will pop up. Click on exit.

## Features

- Organizes files in a directory based on their types.
- Monitors the directory for new files using the `watchdog` library.
- Able to monitor multiple directories at the same time.

## Contributing

If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License].

## Author

Ahmad Nur Ilham

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to the authors of the `watchdog` and `easygui` libraries.
- Special thanks to PyInstaller for making the script executable.
